Add page metadata (#29051)
hashicorp/terraform: website/intro/use-cases.html.markdown

page_title: "Use Cases"
sidebar_current: "use-cases"
description: |-

>   Learn common use cases for Terraform including Heroku apps, self-service clusters, and multi-cloud deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn common use cases for Terraform including managing Heroku apps, self-service clusters, and multi-cloud deployments. 
```

---

# Use Cases

> This page lists a subset of use cases for [Terraform](/intro/index.html). Due to its extensible nature, providers and provisioners

Reviewer: I think the second sentence is talking about building your own custom providers, but it kind of makes it sound like you only need a provider or provisioner if you want to do more with Terraform than the binary does alone.

I think we could either delete this line since this is beginner content and writing plugins is advanced, or just clarify that you can write your own Terraform plugins if you have a use case that the currently available ones don't cover.

Author: Done - I've removed the sentence. I agree - we don't need to go into that here, since this is intro stuff.

## Heroku App Setup

> Heroku is a popular PaaS for hosting web apps. Developers create an app, and then attach add-ons, such as a database, or email provider. One of the best features is

Author: Oh I think this was just like line length spacing (I think something weird happened with Atom and it changed that - there used to be hard breaks between lines. I didn't actually change anything :-)

implementations have a control layer and infrastructure layer.

Terraform can be used to codify the configuration for software defined networks.
This configuration can then be used by Terraform to automatically setup and modify settings by interfacing with the control layer. This allows configuration to be

> versioned and changes to be automated. As an example, [AWS VPC](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/) is one of the most commonly used SDN implementations, and [can be configured by Terraform](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/vpc).

Author: Judith said I should review content in a separate PR to separate concerns, so that's why I didn't adjust this copy. (I did the initial "what is Terraform" page before we had that convo). But I do agree with you! Let me go back in and edit this page because I agree it needs a refresh.
